---
title: 2025年12月学习总结
date: 2025-12-01
permalink: /pages/Dec-2025
categories: 
  - 自习室
  - 学习笔记
tags: 
  - 月度总结
  - 学习计划
sticky: 1
comment: true
---

# study summary for December 2025
::: tip 
this article records the learning goals and reflections for December 2025.
:::

## Learning Content

This month, the focus was mainly on learning in the follewing areas:

1. **Front9-end Technology**
  - An introductory guide to Node.js

2. **CET-6**
  - review the English vocabulary (about 1000)
  - English listening practice and wiriting 
  - 8 set of exam questions

3. **python(Major Course)**
   - Conducted multiple programming experiments

4. **Data Structure and Algorithms (Major Course)**
  - Understand the storage principles of data structures as well as knowledge in various aspects such as trees and graphs.

5. **ITELS**
   - Understanding of the IELTS test, along with 15-day daily IELTS listening and speaking practice.


## Learning Outcomes

That's nothing yet.but I will create a new repository to record the learning process.wait for me.

### Technical Difficulties Overcome 

1. **data structure**
   - A deep understanding of data structures, such as the coding of the Last-In-First-Out (LIFO) principle for stacks, and the left and right pointer directions in binary search trees, etc.

2. **CET-6**
  
  - Improving listening skills: 
  - 1. For conversation questions, need to listen intensively to the mutual dialogue between two speakers—one conversation corresponds to one question. Listen for verbatim repetition, pay special attention to the verbs before nouns, as synonym substitution generally does not occur. 
  - 2. For passage comprehension questions, pay particular attention to verbatim sentence repetition; do not choose options that only present half of the original content.
  

## Next Month's plan 
1. **CET-6**
   - pass it 
2. **Algorithm**
   - compelete some algorithm problems liek leetcode
3. **python**
   - pass python homework and exam
4. **exam**
  - pass the finally exam
5. **node.js**
  - deep understanding of node.js  

 >> The plan is subject to time availability; a preliminary plan is made for now

## Thinking and reflection
Given the extremely poor completion performance last month, I will start studying earnestly from this month to understand programming-related knowledge and improve my English. Additionally, I will create a weekly repository to record the weekly plans and learning records here, which will be presented in the form of images.